Added section for minimum parameters (and a prerequisite note) when importing EKS clusters in 2.5, 2.6 (#3794)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.5/en/cluster-provisioning/registered-clusters/_index.md

$ curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | K3S_KUBECONFIG_MODE="644" sh -s -
```

### Configuring an Imported EKS Cluster with Terraform

> You should define **only** the minimum fields that Rancher requires when importing an EKS cluster with Terraform. This is important as Rancher will overwrite what was in the EKS cluster with any config that the user has provided, whether that config is valid or not.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like our EKS implementation doesn't check that the user-provided config is a valid EKS config. There are some checks and EKS won't allow Rancher to set a completely invalid config.

Of course, you'll know the best wording to use, but something like this:
```suggestion
You should define **only** the minimum fields that Rancher requires when importing an EKS cluster with Terraform. This is important as Rancher will overwrite what was in the EKS cluster with any config that the user has provided. Even a small difference between the current EKS cluster and a provided user config could have unexpected results.
```

Author: Updated as suggested; added a warning note to be more noticeable as well.
